file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 2-1: call keystore.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Multisig_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Standard_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:xpubkey_to_address:
step6:get_pubkey_derivation -> xpubkey_to_address
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:qt/main_window.py,function_name:sign_tx_with_password:
step 1:wallet_info:Multisig_Wallet
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 3:keystore.sign_transactions
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:sign_transaction:
step 2: call wallet.sign_transaction
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:get_tx_derivation:
step2-1-1,step 4:sign_transaction -> get_tx_derivation
file_name:keystore.py,function_name:Xpub.get_pubkey_derivation:
step5:get_tx_derivation -> get_pubkey_derivation
file_name:wallet.py,function_name:can_sign:
step 0: call wallet.can_sign
